# MyTine

Gamified COVID-19 tracker for one’s personal circle, to allow control via information consolidation + inferences.

Backlog Features:
  1. [**Connections**]
    *STORY: Allow users to view a contact in list form 
    *DESIGN: List of names + avis.
      *Add button?
      *FILTERS
    *[**Connections/Map**]
      *ISLANDS????
        *Hook for the gameified version / update / app?
        *HEXES - empty hexes are ocean
        *CONS:
          *Could be unsurmountable UI problem
          *Its pretty cutesy, strikes a weird tone
          *Might not look great on phones
          *Old people likely to be confused
            *vvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvv
            *But maybe the metaphor helps?
            *^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
        *PROS: 
          *More paleatable to casual YOUNG users
          *Increase usership if gameified
      *Grouping
        *By area
          *coloring?
        *By inter-connectivity
        *By risk
    *[**Connections/List**]
      *Simpler view of the map
      *Filtering would be much more helpful
      *Definitely the focus of initial UX work over the map
  5. [**Trace View**]
    *STORY: Navigate list of everyone you've been in contact with, and their test / risk status.
    *DESIGN: Circular nodes linked in a graph - each node is a person
  6. [**Regulations View**]
    *STORY: View regulations in different areas, for use when planning travel or inspecting users on your island.
    *DESIGN: Dropdown at top, simple data screen below.
      *Focus on links if possible? Can this be webscraped, or manually scraped for individual counties?
        *Crowd-source regulation entries if they provide a link?
        *3007 counties - possible to do once, impossible to keep up to date in house :(
      *Regulations, statistics
        *Tie statistics to individual pages? Likelihood of infection?
  7. [**Connections**]
    *STORY: View all details on an individual
    *DESIGN: 
      *Fields
        *Name
        *Test Status
        *Avatar (Island Avatar? Customizable? FB Photo? Two of the above?)
        *Vitals (OPTIONAL)
          *Age
          *Risk Level - no specifics, just L-M-H-E
          *Location - adds to infection chance
          *Work type
            *Daily contact inside est.
            *Daily contact outside est.
          *Close Contact list (SUPER DUPER OPTIONAL / NOT INCLUDED...)
            *Roommates, SOs, close family, other people you see very frequently.
            *Seems better to not include this. Doesn't add a lot of value and significantly infringes on user privacy.
  8. [**Contact Planner**]
    *STORY: Plan out theoretical contacts, and calculate rough risk levels depending on how long you wait.
    *DESIGN: Form with timeline+location picker in middle, super import info up top (risk level, points of contact, etc.), other below (list of contacts).
  9. [**Event Entry**]
    *STORY: Enter a relevant COVID event that changes your personal risk level.
    *DESIGN: A form. Nothing fancy.
      *Fields
        *Date
        *Type
          *Test result
          *Risk Level Entry
            *People probably won't want to enter their specific symptoms, but could very easily see a list of categorized symptoms and pick the most accurate one
              *Easier to update
              *Easier to make computations on - shield of user estimation
  10. [**Social Media Feed**]
    *STORY: Share COVID content.
    *DESIGN: A non-copyright-infringing feed of some sort.
      *Types of content
        *News stories from reputable sources
        *Personal posts?
          *Really don't want to any kind of moderation...
          *Would have to allow comments...
      *Maybe this is best left to existing social platforms, and we should focus on making a kick-ass API/link support system for easy sharing of content via FB/Twitter?


Backlog Misc:
  1. [**Dark/Light Mode**]
  2. [**Aesthetic**]
    * Painterly? Could this ever work with dark mode?


# DEPENDENCY: REACT/NODE HEROKU CRA

## Design Points

A combo of two npm projects, the backend server and the frontend UI. So there are two `package.json` configs and thereforce [two places to run `npm` commands](#user-content-local-development):

  1. [**Node server**](server/): [`./package.json`](package.json)
      * [deployed automatically](https://devcenter.heroku.com/categories/deployment) via heroku/nodejs buildpack
  2. [**React UI**](react-ui/): [`react-ui/package.json`](react-ui/package.json)
      * generated by [create-react-app](https://github.com/facebookincubator/create-react-app)
      * deployed via `build` script in the Node server's [`./package.json`](package.json)
      * module cache configured by `cacheDirectories`

Includes a minimal [Node Cluster](https://nodejs.org/docs/latest-v8.x/api/cluster.html) [implementation](server/index.js) to parallelize the single-threaded Node process across the available CPU cores.

## Demo

[Demo deployment](https://cra-node.herokuapp.com/): example API call from the React UI is [fetched with a relative URL](react-ui/src/App.js#L16) that is served by an Express handler in the Node server.


## Deploy to Heroku

```bash
git clone https://github.com/mars/heroku-cra-node.git
cd heroku-cra-node/
heroku create
git push heroku master
```

This deployment will automatically:

  * detect [Node buildpack](https://elements.heroku.com/buildpacks/heroku/heroku-buildpack-nodejs)
  * build the app with
    * `npm install` for the Node server
    * `npm run build` for create-react-app
  * launch the web process with `npm start`
    * serves `../react-ui/build/` as static files
    * customize by adding API, proxy, or route handlers/redirectors

⚠️ Using npm 5’s new `package-lock.json`? We resolved a compatibility issue. See [PR](https://github.com/mars/heroku-cra-node/pull/10) for more details.

👓 More about [deploying to Heroku](https://devcenter.heroku.com/categories/deployment).

## Runtime Config

create-react-app itself supports [configuration with environment variables](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/adding-custom-environment-variables). These compile-time variables are embedded in the bundle during the build process, and may go stale when the app slug is promoted through a pipeline or otherwise changed without a rebuild. See create-react-app-buildpack's docs for further elaboration of [compile-time vs runtime variables](https://github.com/mars/create-react-app-buildpack/blob/master/README.md#user-content-compile-time-vs-runtime).

[create-react-app-buildpack's runtime config](https://github.com/mars/create-react-app-buildpack/blob/master/README.md#user-content-runtime-configuration) makes it possible to dynamically change variables, no rebuild required. That runtime config technique may be applied to Node.js based apps such as this one.

1. Add the inner buildpack to your app, so that the `heroku/nodejs` buildpack is last:

   ```bash
   heroku buildpacks:add -i 1 https://github.com/mars/create-react-app-inner-buildpack
   
   # Verify that create-react-app-inner-buildpack comes before nodejs
   heroku buildpacks
   ```
2. Set the bundle location for runtime config injection:

   ```bash
   heroku config:set JS_RUNTIME_TARGET_BUNDLE='/app/react-ui/build/static/js/*.js'
   ```
3. Now, build the app with this new setup:

   ```bash
   git commit --allow-empty -m 'Enable runtime config with create-react-app-inner-buildpack'
   git push heroku master
   ```

## Local Development

Because this app is made of two npm projects, there are two places to run `npm` commands:

1. **Node API server** at the root `./`
1. **React UI** in `react-ui/` directory.

### Run the API server

In a terminal:

```bash
# Initial setup
npm install

# Start the server
npm start
```

#### Install new npm packages for Node

```bash
npm install package-name --save
```


### Run the React UI

The React app is configured to proxy backend requests to the local Node server. (See [`"proxy"` config](react-ui/package.json))

In a separate terminal from the API server, start the UI:

```bash
# Always change directory, first
cd react-ui/

# Initial setup
npm install

# Start the server
npm start
```

#### Install new npm packages for React UI

```bash
# Always change directory, first
cd react-ui/

npm install package-name --save
```
